feat(Card)!: Replace gap with block-end margins in Card (#1972)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/src/components/Card/Card.docs.mdx

### With tagline

A Card can display metadata in a tagline above the heading, like a category or content type.
Wrap the Heading in a Heading Group and set its `tagline` property.
This ensures screen readers read out the heading before the metadata.

<Canvas of={CardStories.WithTagline} />

### With image

A Card often displays the image of the article it links to.
The Card Image subcomponent renders an [Image](/docs/components-media-image--docs) component and accepts its properties, e.g. to set an aspect ratio or provide a set of image sources.

> An `alt` text is almost never necessary for the image of a card.

Reviewer: Maybe we should be a bit more strict here. If the image does have an `alt` text, it will not be read by screen readers when you navigate to the link or heading. Maybe we should even hardcode `alt=""` in CardImage and omit `alt` from the type? I'd keep this text though, you can also use the Next image component here.

```suggestion
Only use decorative images with `alt=""` here. Screen readers will not read the `alt` text of non-decorative images when navigating to a Card. 
```
